[DOC] Update Tempo doc to Alloy (#3843)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/getting-started/_index.md

Tempo offers different deployment options, depending upon your needs. Refer to the [plan your deployment]({{< relref "../setup/deployment" >}}) section for more information

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Grafana Alloy is already set up to use Tempo.

> Refer to [Grafana Alloy configuration for tracing]({{< relref "../configuration/grafana-alloy" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to [Grafana Alloy configuration for tracing](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/configuration/grafana-alloy).
```
